1. What is a flaky test?

A flaky test is a test that both passes and fails periodically without any code changes. 
Flaky tests are definitely annoying but they can also be quite costly since they often require engineers to retrigger
entire builds on CI and often waste a lot of time waiting for new builds to complete successfully.

2. An element in a website is using ajax/javascript to show the data (processed as
asynchronous). What do you do to test that element?

A first choice for testing code that performs Ajax calls in it is to stub the library method it's using (Stubbing the library calls)

The Steps:
a. save the old method in a variable (var oldAjax = jQuery.ajax;)
b. Substitute it with a closure that saves the callback in a variable. This closure may check its arguments (becoming a kind of mock).
c. Use the callback to pass back a canned response, written in literal JSON, XML or whatever you return from the server side.
d. Restore the old method (teardown phase) with a new assignment.

An alternative way to stub Ajax calls is to stub out the creation of XMLHttpRequest.
Since XMLHttpRequest is just a global object of the class Function, it can be substituted. 

Testing JavaScript code is always possible, and when there is more logic involved than an Ajax call, stubbing helps isolating the system under test. 
Testing with real Ajax calls won't even be possible in my favourite environment, jsTestDriver, as the code is served from a webserver on localhost and not from the real application.
Indeed the solutions describes in this article are appropriate for unit testing, not end-to-end or functional one.

3. A website page can only be accessed with CAPTCHA. How do you test that page?

Common Captcha
a. Ensure that the system accepts valid Captcha.
b. Ensure that the system rejects the invalid Captcha.
c. Ensure that the Captcha code resets as the system reloads.
d. Ensure that the Captcha changes as the user enters wrong value.

Image Captcha
a. Ensure that the code in the Image captcha is viewable.
b. Ensure the readability of the Captcha.
c. Ensure that the captcha is case sensitive. 

Recaptcha:
a. Ensure the readability of the Captcha.
b. Ensure that the captcha is case sensitive.(requirement dependent)
c. Ensure that the user receives new captcha on clicking the link "Get a new challenge".
d. Ensure that the system rejects, when the user enters only one valid captcha for the two captchas provided.
e. Ensure that the Captcha code is not confusing. For eg: Zero and O (Alphabet),numbers 6 and 9)
f. Ensure that the user receives information about how to use the captcha, on clicking the help button.
g. Ensure that the audio version of Captcha is working (requirement dependent).
